Intercom: Incr. Read - conversations (#76)
amp-labs/docs: src/provider-guides/intercom.mdx

### Supported Actions

The Intercom connector supports:

> - [Read Actions](/define-integrations/read-actions), including full historic backfill. Incremental read is supported for conversations, for the rest a full read of the Intercom instance will be done for each scheduled read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Read Actions](/define-integrations/read-actions), including full historic backfill. Incremental read is supported for conversations, for all other objects a full read of the Intercom instance will be done for each scheduled read.
```
